[Music]
okay cool what's up little raindrops
face rain or Norden or nor doe whatever
whoa let me put my foot down on what's
up right now well this is free-for-all
trickshotting number ten and I know I
said I want to do something really
extravagant for number ten but you know
I had a long day today and I did miss
uploading top plays because I was you
know I wasn't really I don't know I I
don't know I made that sound but uh I
didn't feel I thought of cast I thought
I was like my sister or something it was
this my cat but uh I don't know I just
wasn't really feeling it like I wasn't
feeling going through the responses and
all that stuff so yeah I still have an
opportunity to send me clips for top
plays so you know you guys are you let's
go check out any top plays and it's look
at the end of the video it's gonna be
there so I know I uploaded basically
these back-to-back cuz my last upload
was this and I hope no one really minds
that but I yeah so like I was saying I
know I said I was gonna do something
like really cool for episode 10 but I
don't know I could I had to you know I
have to upload this for today and I
didn't have any mom I have any ideas in
mind but what I thought I was gonna do
is once I realized I've had you know ten
clips in these like I don't know so far
I have a few but oh no over that - look
that could have been a clip for it but
I'm gonna do a montage out of these and
it's just gonna be I don't know how to
explain it but it's just gonna be like a
montage out of shed you not explain it
what am I saying
it's gonna be a montage out of all the
clips that I've gone in on these so
hopefully I start getting more of these
gameplays where I do get clips those
would be you know more entertaining so
you know I mean I also gotta start
racking up some free-for-all gameplays
you know what I haven't really question
would you get like I don't know I I want
to say but cuz I don't know like I know
I'm still a trickshot okay but do all of
my gameplays still have to include trick
shots in them
I mean that's how I want to keep it but
I don't know if you guys wouldn't mind
cuz I get really good gameplays but I
just don't like I don't trick shot at
them sometimes I just don't feel like
trickshotting in these and I just you
know go straight for the win so I'm
saying if I were to use that as a game
play would you guys care or would you
guys prefer one with a trick shot if
either or you don't care then I guess
I'll start using both game places to get
more videos out but you know it's all up
to you guys I mean you guys tell me what
to do and all this fear I'll listen to
you guys you guys don't kind of bully me
but yeah so that's basically all I had
to say basically but yeah hustle you
know how it is
ah please come in here quickly so I can
just turn and get more kills hurry no oh
my god I totally expected him to be just
straight ruined my life and uh but yeah
I think that's all we have to talk about
hope you guys so far don't think I'm so
lame oh oh oh my god that guy's ruthless
the cod oh geez so ruthless okay Ivan
used where is he oh please be up in the
window rockin that cube and class me
no way no way I hate when that happens
I'll miss one shot and then me missing
that one shot will make me miss more
okay aren't you pretty rattled your
Guardians are so annoying thumbs up this
voice thumbs up this voice wow you know
what I mean yeah hey Guardians I know
you guys eight Guardians okay I need to
get kills okay Norden open your eyes
capisce oh my god now I'm missing I hate
missing this thing their package in that
makes me sick my stomach it hurts when I
mess hurts me deeply gonna pick this up
I heard him okay where are you at are
they spawning I actually have no clue
this knife is so twisted speaking of
this map you know I do like this map a
lot and I haven't done this map in a
while I think my last one was the second
episode so I you guys can't tell me I'm
doing this map too much oh okay I miss
whisset trickshotting right now right
now
kitty cat yeah yeah I'm young now okay
here we go I'm gonna kill someone over
here and then there's gonna be a two
piece right there that's off-time gotta
kill one then there's gonna be a two
piece opportunity for me right I just
need to kill one right here okay wait
no I know there's gonna be a gun yeah
okay please somebody spawn here nobody
not a single guy no straight myself I
got really nervous absolute how are you
gonna lie
I'm reloading for the sea bass for the
fish eel fish were you watching us love
you dude you're a good guy
oh I was so scared but still money in
the face bank here we go it's gonna hit
something for the maybe episode 20 Taj I
mean this I don't know I'm gonna call it
I'm still gonna probably upload as
free-for-all trickshotting
or would you guys want as like a
different video like a special like
episode 20 spec I don't know maybe I'd
do a gameplay and I don't know
absolutely because because I could have
titled free-for-all trickshotting live
comment here and have no life that's
yeah I probably could I get away with it
run Norden run oh what was that oh no of
course the guys at all we've been gnarly
if I hit it on him and you know
completely took over the game oh man
look at him dude almost nailed him ran
the donkey oh face well in the game like
though that's how much it hated it well
thank you guys very much for watching
such a free-for-all trickshotting I'm
sorry didn't hit a cliff but you know I
guess that gameplay wasn't too bad you
know leave a comment on what map you
guys want to play next if you guys
missed last week's episode wow I can't
say all my previous video this you know
what just go watch my free free all
nuclear again now was an awesome video
you guys loved it I loved it too so yeah
making weird sounds alright so have a
great afternoon evening or whatever it
is for you guys it's been face rain or
your boy Norton or kitty cat man 5 yeah
alright guys it's been face rain peace